You're still worried about right and wrong.
The fact that you are a girlfriend is also known as a stumbling block.
You still want to lie, right?
Okay.
You said you saved five charities
So when, where and how did you save him?
I saved it over 20 years ago because there's so much I don't remember.
Then you don't remember.
So do you have any proof that you saved next year?
A year later.
That pocket watch, have you forgotten?
You gave me one for each of us.
That's what you said.
It's not you.
There's also a childhood photo here.
So why doesn't it look like pictures from a young age?
Remember even though this is different.
But it's also because I love you so much.
I saved you.
Do you want to transfer ownership?
Save my grandmother.
I beat my daughter and said it was your uncle.
Help with, is to help him stab your grandmother.
I'm not a girl.
That's enough.
I just wanted to wait for you.
Break up we are girlfriends
Listen to me explain.
You insulted two words girlfriend.